README.md, before:

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%20License%202.0-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
[![Download](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.maryk/maryk-core)](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/io.maryk/maryk-core)

# Maryk: Cross-Platform Data Modeling and Storage

Maryk is a **Kotlin Multiplatform** framework for defining, validating, serializing, and storing data models consistently across multiple platforms, including **iOS**, **macOS**, **watchOS**, **tvOS**, **Linux**, **Windows**, **Android**, **JVM**, **JavaScript** and **Wasm**. With a fully version-aware data store and flexible querying, Maryk makes it easy to maintain complex data structures while ensuring backward compatibility and efficient data handling.

The [RocksDB](/store/rocksdb/README.md) persistence layer is available for the **JVM**, **iOS**, **macOS**, **tvOS**, **watchOS**, **Android**, **Android Native**, **Windows** and **Linux**.
The [FoundationDB](/store/foundationdb/README.md) persistence layer is available on supported platforms that have the FoundationDB client library (`libfdb_c`) present (JVM, macOS, linux).

## Key Features

- **Unified Data Modeling**: Define your [data models](core/docs/datamodel.md) once and use them everywhere, ensuring a single source of truth across platforms.

- **Flexible Property Types and Inheritance**: Create models with a variety of [property types](core/docs/properties/README.md), and reuse model structures to build complex data hierarchies.

- **Built-in Validation**: Enforce data quality with [validations](core/docs/properties/README.md#validation) such as required fields, uniqueness, min/max constraints, and regex checks.

- **Cross-Platform Serialization**: Seamlessly [serialize and deserialize](core/docs/serialization/README.md) data as JSON, YAML, or Protocol Buffers, facilitating easy communication between clients and services.

- **Model Serialization & Compatibility**: Serialize your schemas themselves and run compatibility checks across different clients, ensuring smooth upgrades and migrations.

- **Version-Aware Storage and Queries**: Store data in [NoSQL data stores](store/memory/README.md) (in-memory/[RocksDB](store/rocksdb/README.md)/[FoundationDB](store/foundationdb/README.md)) and leverage [versioning](core/docs/versioning.md) to request historical states, compare past values, and minimize bandwidth by fetching only changed fields.

- **Data Aggregations & Insights**: Perform [aggregations](core/docs/aggregations.md) (count, sum, average, min/max, grouped by time intervals or enums) for richer analytics and decision-making.

## Getting Started

1. **Add Maryk Core Dependency**:  
In your `build.gradle.kts`:
```kotlin
implementation("io.maryk:maryk-core:<version>")
```

2. **Define Your Data Models**:  
Create a Kotlin data model:
```kotlin
object Person : RootDataModel<Person>() {
   val firstName by string(index = 1u)
   val lastName by string(index = 2u)
   val dateOfBirth by date(index = 3u)
}
```

3. **Create and Validate Instances**:  
```kotlin
val johnSmith = Person.create {
   firstName with "John"
   lastName with "Smith"
   dateOfBirth with LocalDate(2017, 12, 5)
}

// Validate the object
Person.validate(johnSmith)
```

4. **Serialize Your Data Objects**:  
```kotlin
// Serialize to JSON
val json = Person.writeJson(johnSmith)

// Deserialize from JSON
val personFromJson = Person.readJson(json)
```

5. **Choose a Data Store**:
  - [Memory](store/memory/README.md) — in‑memory, non‑persistent, fastest feedback for dev/tests.
  - [RocksDB](store/rocksdb/README.md) — embedded, persistent, high performance on a single node across desktop/mobile/server.
  - [FoundationDB](store/foundationdb/README.md) — distributed, transactional persistence with strong consistency and time‑travel support (JVM bundled; native targets require `libfdb_c`).
  
  See the overview and guidance in [store/README.md](store/README.md) for when to pick each engine.

## Documentation

For detailed information, check out:

- [Core](core/README.md) – Data models, queries, parsers, readers.
- [Library](lib/README.md) – Shared utilities for things like Strings and ByteArrays.
- [File](file/README.md) – Minimal cross-platform file IO layer used by tooling and stores.
- [JSON](json/README.md) & [YAML](yaml/README.md) – Streaming parsers and writers.
- [Generator](generator/README.md) – Code generation from YAML and JSON models.
- [Test Library](testlib/README.md) – Testing utilities and helpers.
- [DataFrame Integration](dataframe/README.md) – DataFrame helper functions for Maryk objects.
- **Stores**:
  - [Shared](store/shared/README.md) – Shared logic for building stores.
  - [Memory](store/memory/README.md) – In-memory store (non-persistent).
  - [RocksDB](store/rocksdb/README.md) – Persistent, high-performance store.
  - [FoundationDB](store/foundationdb/README.md) – Persistent, scalable transactional store (multiplatform where `libfdb_c` is available).
  - [Tests](store/test/README.md) – Common tests to ensure store reliability.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions through feature requests, issue reports, and pull requests.

**Your involvement helps Maryk grow and improve!**

Commit message:

Add comprehensive CLI documentation for commands, interactive viewers, and usage examples
Provide detailed guides for global commands, `get` and `scan` viewers, editing operations, and filtering/sorting options. Update website docs and sync core/website content for improved discoverability.

README.md, after:

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%20License%202.0-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
[![Download](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.maryk/maryk-core)](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/io.maryk/maryk-core)

# Maryk: Cross-Platform Data Modeling and Storage

Maryk is a **Kotlin Multiplatform** framework for defining, validating, serializing, and storing data models consistently across multiple platforms, including **iOS**, **macOS**, **watchOS**, **tvOS**, **Linux**, **Windows**, **Android**, **JVM**, **JavaScript** and **Wasm**. With a fully version-aware data store and flexible querying, Maryk makes it easy to maintain complex data structures while ensuring backward compatibility and efficient data handling.

The [RocksDB](/store/rocksdb/README.md) persistence layer is available for the **JVM**, **iOS**, **macOS**, **tvOS**, **watchOS**, **Android**, **Android Native**, **Windows** and **Linux**.
The [FoundationDB](/store/foundationdb/README.md) persistence layer is available on supported platforms that have the FoundationDB client library (`libfdb_c`) present (JVM, macOS, linux).

## Key Features

- **Unified Data Modeling**: Define your [data models](core/docs/datamodel.md) once and use them everywhere, ensuring a single source of truth across platforms.

- **Flexible Property Types and Inheritance**: Create models with a variety of [property types](core/docs/properties/README.md), and reuse model structures to build complex data hierarchies.

- **Built-in Validation**: Enforce data quality with [validations](core/docs/properties/README.md#validation) such as required fields, uniqueness, min/max constraints, and regex checks.

- **Cross-Platform Serialization**: Seamlessly [serialize and deserialize](core/docs/serialization/README.md) data as JSON, YAML, or Protocol Buffers, facilitating easy communication between clients and services.

- **Model Serialization & Compatibility**: Serialize your schemas themselves and run compatibility checks across different clients, ensuring smooth upgrades and migrations.

- **Version-Aware Storage and Queries**: Store data in [NoSQL data stores](store/memory/README.md) (in-memory/[RocksDB](store/rocksdb/README.md)/[FoundationDB](store/foundationdb/README.md)) and leverage [versioning](core/docs/versioning.md) to request historical states, compare past values, and minimize bandwidth by fetching only changed fields.

- **Data Aggregations & Insights**: Perform [aggregations](core/docs/aggregations.md) (count, sum, average, min/max, grouped by time intervals or enums) for richer analytics and decision-making.

- **CLI tooling**: Browse and edit records in a terminal via the [Maryk CLI](cli/README.md).

## Getting Started

1. **Add Maryk Core Dependency**:  
In your `build.gradle.kts`:
```kotlin
implementation("io.maryk:maryk-core:<version>")
```

2. **Define Your Data Models**:  
Create a Kotlin data model:
```kotlin
object Person : RootDataModel<Person>() {
   val firstName by string(index = 1u)
   val lastName by string(index = 2u)
   val dateOfBirth by date(index = 3u)
}
```

3. **Create and Validate Instances**:  
```kotlin
val johnSmith = Person.create {
   firstName with "John"
   lastName with "Smith"
   dateOfBirth with LocalDate(2017, 12, 5)
}

// Validate the object
Person.validate(johnSmith)
```

4. **Serialize Your Data Objects**:  
```kotlin
// Serialize to JSON
val json = Person.writeJson(johnSmith)

// Deserialize from JSON
val personFromJson = Person.readJson(json)
```

5. **Choose a Data Store**:
  - [Memory](store/memory/README.md) — in‑memory, non‑persistent, fastest feedback for dev/tests.
  - [RocksDB](store/rocksdb/README.md) — embedded, persistent, high performance on a single node across desktop/mobile/server.
  - [FoundationDB](store/foundationdb/README.md) — distributed, transactional persistence with strong consistency and time‑travel support (JVM bundled; native targets require `libfdb_c`).
  
  See the overview and guidance in [store/README.md](store/README.md) for when to pick each engine.

## Documentation

For detailed information, check out:

- [Core](core/README.md) – Data models, queries, parsers, readers.
- [Library](lib/README.md) – Shared utilities for things like Strings and ByteArrays.
- [File](file/README.md) – Minimal cross-platform file IO layer used by tooling and stores.
- [JSON](json/README.md) & [YAML](yaml/README.md) – Streaming parsers and writers.
- [Generator](generator/README.md) – Code generation from YAML and JSON models.
- [Test Library](testlib/README.md) – Testing utilities and helpers.
- [DataFrame Integration](dataframe/README.md) – DataFrame helper functions for Maryk objects.
- [CLI](cli/README.md) – Interactive terminal client for browsing and editing stores.
- **Stores**:
  - [Shared](store/shared/README.md) – Shared logic for building stores.
  - [Memory](store/memory/README.md) – In-memory store (non-persistent).
  - [RocksDB](store/rocksdb/README.md) – Persistent, high-performance store.
  - [FoundationDB](store/foundationdb/README.md) – Persistent, scalable transactional store (multiplatform where `libfdb_c` is available).
  - [Tests](store/test/README.md) – Common tests to ensure store reliability.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions through feature requests, issue reports, and pull requests.

**Your involvement helps Maryk grow and improve!**
