store/rocksdb/README.md, before:

# Maryk RocksDB Store

An embedded, high‑performance Maryk data store built on [RocksDB](https://rocksdb.org).

Each DataModel is mapped to multiple column families (keys/table/index/unique and historic variants when enabled). See the detailed [Architecture](documentation/architecture.md) and [Storage Layout](documentation/storage.md).

## Getting Started

Use the following snippet:
```kotlin
RocksDBDataStore.open(
    keepAllVersions = false,
    relativePath = "path/to/folder/on/disk/for/store", 
    dataModelsById = mapOf(
        1u to Account,
        2u to Course
    )
).use { store ->
    // Run operations on the store
    
    store.execute(
        Account.add(
            Account(
                username="test1",
                password="test1234"
            ),
            Account(
                username="test2",
                password="test1234"
            )
        )
    )
}
```

The `.use { ... }` scope closes the store automatically. If you don’t use `use`, call `close()` when finished to free native resources.

Need remote access to this local RocksDB store? Expose it with the
[Remote Store](../remote/README.md) via CLI `serve`.

## Migrations and Version Updates

On open, the store compares stored model definitions with configured models and decides:
- up-to-date
- safe adds/index backfill
- migration required

For incompatible changes, provide `migrationHandler` and return `MigrationOutcome`:
- `Success`: migration complete
- `Partial`: persisted progress, continue later
- `Retry`: persisted progress, retry (optional delay)
- `Fatal`: fail startup or background migration

Notes:
- You can add models, properties, and indexes and relax validation without a migration.
- Changing property types, renaming without alternatives, or tightening validation triggers a migration.

```kotlin
RocksDBDataStore.open(
    // True if the data store should keep all past versions of the data
    keepAllVersions = true,
    relativePath = "path/to/folder/on/disk/for/store", 
    dataModelsById = mapOf(
        1u to Account,
        2u to Course
    ),
    migrationHandler = { context ->
        val rocksDBDataStore = context.store
        val storedDataModel = context.storedDataModel
        val newDataModel = context.newDataModel
        // example
        when (newDataModel) {
            is Account -> when (storedDataModel.version.major) {
                1.toUShort() -> {
                    // Execute actions on rocksDBDataStore
                    MigrationOutcome.Success
                }
                else -> MigrationOutcome.Fatal("Unsupported source version")
            }
            else -> MigrationOutcome.Fatal("Unsupported model")
        }
    },
    versionUpdateHandler = { rocksDBDataStore, storedDataModel, newDataModel ->
        // example 
        when (storedDataModel) {
            null -> Unit // Do something when model did not exist before
            else -> Unit
        }
    }
)
```

### Migration Control API

If you configure:
- `migrationStartupBudgetMs`
- `continueMigrationsInBackground = true`

then long migrations continue in background and the model is request-blocked until completion.

Runtime controls:
- `pendingMigrations()`
- `migrationStatus(modelId)`
- `migrationStatuses()`
- `awaitMigration(modelId)`
- `pauseMigration(modelId)`
- `resumeMigration(modelId)`
- `cancelMigration(modelId, reason)`

### Lease Behavior

RocksDB default lease is process-local (`RocksDBLocalMigrationLease`).
- Prevents duplicate migration runners inside one process.
- Cross-process migration lease is usually unnecessary for RocksDB because DB lock allows one opener.
- You can still inject custom `migrationLease` for custom orchestration.

## Platform Support

This module is Kotlin Multiplatform and works on JVM, iOS, macOS, tvOS, watchOS, Android, Android Native, Windows and Linux via the `rocksdb-multiplatform` bindings.

For a deeper dive into how data is laid out and how queries execute, check the [Architecture](documentation/architecture.md) and [Storage Layout](documentation/storage.md) docs.

## Sensitive Properties

`RocksDBDataStore.open` accepts a `fieldEncryptionProvider` argument using the shared encryption contract
`maryk.datastore.shared.encryption.FieldEncryptionProvider`.

Use `sensitive = true` on property definitions to encrypt value payloads at rest.

```kotlin
val secret by string(index = 3u, sensitive = true)

val keyMaterial = AesGcmHmacSha256EncryptionProvider.generateKeyMaterial()
val encryptionProvider = AesGcmHmacSha256EncryptionProvider(
    encryptionKey = keyMaterial.encryptionKey,
    tokenKey = keyMaterial.tokenKey
)
```

Notes:
- Sensitive values are encrypted in table payloads (latest + historic).
- Reads auto-decrypt based on an encrypted payload marker.
- Supported for simple value properties.
- Sensitive+`unique` is supported when `fieldEncryptionProvider` also implements
  `maryk.datastore.shared.encryption.SensitiveIndexTokenProvider`.
- Sensitive+indexed is not supported.
- Pass `fieldEncryptionProvider = encryptionProvider` to `RocksDBDataStore.open(...)`.

Commit message:

Introduce `migrationVerifyHandler` for post-migration verification and update RocksDB and FoundationDB to support `Verify` phase.
- Add optional `migrationVerifyHandler` to execute after migration phase success, persisting `Verify` phase state.
- Refactor FoundationDB and RocksDB migration logic to include `Verify` phase handling.
- Update tests to validate verification behavior and blocking during background migrations.
- Expand documentation to clarify `Verify` phase usage and handler contract.

store/rocksdb/README.md, after:

# Maryk RocksDB Store

An embedded, high‑performance Maryk data store built on [RocksDB](https://rocksdb.org).

Each DataModel is mapped to multiple column families (keys/table/index/unique and historic variants when enabled). See the detailed [Architecture](documentation/architecture.md) and [Storage Layout](documentation/storage.md).

## Getting Started

Use the following snippet:
```kotlin
RocksDBDataStore.open(
    keepAllVersions = false,
    relativePath = "path/to/folder/on/disk/for/store", 
    dataModelsById = mapOf(
        1u to Account,
        2u to Course
    )
).use { store ->
    // Run operations on the store
    
    store.execute(
        Account.add(
            Account(
                username="test1",
                password="test1234"
            ),
            Account(
                username="test2",
                password="test1234"
            )
        )
    )
}
```

The `.use { ... }` scope closes the store automatically. If you don’t use `use`, call `close()` when finished to free native resources.

Need remote access to this local RocksDB store? Expose it with the
[Remote Store](../remote/README.md) via CLI `serve`.

## Migrations and Version Updates

On open, the store compares stored model definitions with configured models and decides:
- up-to-date
- safe adds/index backfill
- migration required

For incompatible changes, provide `migrationHandler` and return `MigrationOutcome`:
- `Success`: migration complete
- `Partial`: persisted progress, continue later
- `Retry`: persisted progress, retry (optional delay)
- `Fatal`: fail startup or background migration

Optional `migrationVerifyHandler` runs after migration phase success and before model readiness.
It uses the same context/outcome contract and persists `Verify` phase state.

Notes:
- You can add models, properties, and indexes and relax validation without a migration.
- Changing property types, renaming without alternatives, or tightening validation triggers a migration.

```kotlin
RocksDBDataStore.open(
    // True if the data store should keep all past versions of the data
    keepAllVersions = true,
    relativePath = "path/to/folder/on/disk/for/store", 
    dataModelsById = mapOf(
        1u to Account,
        2u to Course
    ),
    migrationHandler = { context ->
        val rocksDBDataStore = context.store
        val storedDataModel = context.storedDataModel
        val newDataModel = context.newDataModel
        // example
        when (newDataModel) {
            is Account -> when (storedDataModel.version.major) {
                1.toUShort() -> {
                    // Execute actions on rocksDBDataStore
                    MigrationOutcome.Success
                }
                else -> MigrationOutcome.Fatal("Unsupported source version")
            }
            else -> MigrationOutcome.Fatal("Unsupported model")
        }
    },
    versionUpdateHandler = { rocksDBDataStore, storedDataModel, newDataModel ->
        // example 
        when (storedDataModel) {
            null -> Unit // Do something when model did not exist before
            else -> Unit
        }
    }
)
```

### Migration Control API

If you configure:
- `migrationStartupBudgetMs`
- `continueMigrationsInBackground = true`

then long migrations continue in background and the model is request-blocked until completion.

Runtime controls:
- `pendingMigrations()`
- `migrationStatus(modelId)`
- `migrationStatuses()`
- `awaitMigration(modelId)`
- `pauseMigration(modelId)`
- `resumeMigration(modelId)`
- `cancelMigration(modelId, reason)`

### Lease Behavior

RocksDB default lease is process-local (`RocksDBLocalMigrationLease`).
- Prevents duplicate migration runners inside one process.
- Cross-process migration lease is usually unnecessary for RocksDB because DB lock allows one opener.
- You can still inject custom `migrationLease` for custom orchestration.

## Platform Support

This module is Kotlin Multiplatform and works on JVM, iOS, macOS, tvOS, watchOS, Android, Android Native, Windows and Linux via the `rocksdb-multiplatform` bindings.

For a deeper dive into how data is laid out and how queries execute, check the [Architecture](documentation/architecture.md) and [Storage Layout](documentation/storage.md) docs.

## Sensitive Properties

`RocksDBDataStore.open` accepts a `fieldEncryptionProvider` argument using the shared encryption contract
`maryk.datastore.shared.encryption.FieldEncryptionProvider`.

Use `sensitive = true` on property definitions to encrypt value payloads at rest.

```kotlin
val secret by string(index = 3u, sensitive = true)

val keyMaterial = AesGcmHmacSha256EncryptionProvider.generateKeyMaterial()
val encryptionProvider = AesGcmHmacSha256EncryptionProvider(
    encryptionKey = keyMaterial.encryptionKey,
    tokenKey = keyMaterial.tokenKey
)
```

Notes:
- Sensitive values are encrypted in table payloads (latest + historic).
- Reads auto-decrypt based on an encrypted payload marker.
- Supported for simple value properties.
- Sensitive+`unique` is supported when `fieldEncryptionProvider` also implements
  `maryk.datastore.shared.encryption.SensitiveIndexTokenProvider`.
- Sensitive+indexed is not supported.
- Pass `fieldEncryptionProvider = encryptionProvider` to `RocksDBDataStore.open(...)`.
