core/README.md, before:

# Maryk Core

The Maryk Core project is the heart of the Maryk library, providing a comprehensive
set of tools for creating structured, type-strict data models, and querying, parsing,
and serializing this data in a variety of formats. This project includes everything
from data model definition, properties, versioning, queries, filters, and serialization
support for YAML, JSON, and ProtoBuf.

## Documentation

For more information on how to use Maryk Core, check out the following resources:

- [DataModels](documentation/datamodel.md): Learn how to define complex data models using Maryk's property system.
- [Properties](documentation/properties/properties.md): Explore the various property types available in Maryk.
- [Versioning](documentation/versioning.md): Discover how to store versioned data and revert to earlier versions as needed.
- [Queries](documentation/query.md): Get a comprehensive overview of the query language and how to use it to extract meaningful data from your datasets.
- [Aggregations](documentation/aggregations.md): Learn how to aggregate your data and gain valuable insights on your stored data.
- [Serialization](documentation/serialization.md): Learn how to serialize and deserialize data in YAML, JSON, and ProtoBuf formats.

Commit message:

Improve collect and inject documentation.

core/README.md, after:

# Maryk Core

The Maryk Core project is the heart of the Maryk library, providing a comprehensive
set of tools for creating structured, type-strict data models, and querying, parsing,
and serializing this data in a variety of formats. This project includes everything
from data model definition, properties, versioning, queries, filters, and serialization
support for YAML, JSON, and ProtoBuf.

## Documentation

For more information on how to use Maryk Core, check out the following resources:

- [DataModels](documentation/datamodel.md): Learn how to define complex data models using Maryk's property system.
- [Properties](documentation/properties/properties.md): Explore the various property types available in Maryk.
- [Versioning](documentation/versioning.md): Discover how to store versioned data and revert to earlier versions as needed.
- [Queries](documentation/query.md): Get a comprehensive overview of the query language and how to use it to extract meaningful data from your datasets.
- [Aggregations](documentation/aggregations.md): Learn how to aggregate your data and gain valuable insights on your stored data.
- [Collect & Inject Values Requests](documentation/collectAndInject.md): Learn how to use the Collect & Inject Values Requests to efficiently transport data between platforms.
- [Serialization](documentation/serialization.md): Learn how to serialize and deserialize data in YAML, JSON, and ProtoBuf formats.
