website/src/content/docs/app.mdx, before:

---
title: "Maryk App Desktop Guide"
---

## Overview

Maryk App is the desktop UI for Maryk stores.
Use it to inspect models, scan records, edit values, and export/import data.

## Prerequisites

- JDK 17+.
- Local store or remote HTTP endpoint.
- FoundationDB users: install `libfdb_c` (see `/store/foundationdb/`).

## Run locally

From repo root:

```bash
./gradlew :app:run
```

## First-time workflow

1. Open Stores window.
2. Add a store config (RocksDB / FoundationDB / Remote).
3. Open store.
4. Select model in catalog.
5. Scan/filter/sort records.
6. Open a record.
7. Edit in Form or Raw YAML.
8. Save and verify in History tab.

## Store types

- RocksDB:
  - Local directory path.
  - Single process lock applies.
- FoundationDB:
  - Directory path.
  - Optional cluster file, optional tenant.
- Remote:
  - HTTP URL to CLI `serve` endpoint.
  - Optional SSH tunnel.

Saved configs: `~/.maryk/app/stores.conf`.

## Remote setup (HTTP + optional SSH)

Server side example:

```bash
maryk --exec "serve rocksdb --dir /path/to/store --port 8210"
```

Then in app:

1. Add store type `Remote`.
2. Set URL (`http://host:8210`).
3. If needed, enable SSH tunnel and set host/user/port/identity.

Notes:

- Remote transport is HTTP; use SSH if transport encryption needed.
- If server binds to loopback (`127.0.0.1`) on remote host, set URL to that loopback URL and use SSH tunnel.

## UI map

- Stores window:
  - Saved store list.
  - Add/edit/remove/open.
- Browser window:
  - Left: model catalog.
  - Center: data/model tabs.
  - Right: record inspector.
  - Top bar: connection info, actions, panel toggles.

## Data browsing

- Model search with fuzzy match.
- Scan paging.
- Sort by key or index.
- Filters via builder or raw YAML.
- Pin model fields to columns.
- Row actions: open, edit, copy key/data, export, delete.

## Record inspector

- Data tab:
  - Structured tree view.
  - Search.
  - Reference navigation and preview.
- Raw tab:
  - YAML.
  - Search/copy/edit.
- History tab:
  - Version timeline.
  - Diff view.

## Record editor

Two modes:

- Form mode:
  - Typed inputs with inline validation.
  - Supports scalar and complex definitions:
    - List / Set / Map / IncrementingMap.
    - Embedded object/values.
    - MultiType (type select + value editing).
    - Reference, bytes, date/time/datetime, enums, numbers, booleans, strings.
- Raw YAML mode:
  - Direct YAML edits.
  - Save guarded against stale state.

## Import / export

- Schema export: JSON, YAML, Proto, Kotlin.
- Data export: row/model/all.
- Data import:
  - Auto-detect format/scope.
  - Expects Maryk export structures (metadata + versioned changes where applicable).

## Shortcuts

- Cmd/Ctrl+R: reload scan.
- Cmd/Ctrl+B: toggle catalog.
- Cmd/Ctrl+I: toggle inspector.
- Esc: close drawer/dialog.
- Arrow/PageUp/PageDown: move selection.
- Enter/Space: open selected record.
- Cmd/Ctrl+click: multi-select.
- Shift+click: range select.

## Troubleshooting

- Cannot open RocksDB:
  - Ensure no other process has the DB open.
- FoundationDB connect fails:
  - Check `libfdb_c`, cluster file, tenant path.
- Remote connect fails:
  - Verify CLI `serve` running.
  - Check URL/port/tunnel target.
- Empty scans:
  - Confirm selected model and filter expression.

## Local state paths

- Store configs: `~/.maryk/app/stores.conf`.
- UI prefs (panel/pins): Java Preferences node `io.maryk.app.ui`.

Commit message:

Clarify `--connect` behavior in CLI documentation, improve link rewriting logic, and refine `serve` examples.

website/src/content/docs/app.mdx, after:

---
title: "Maryk App Desktop Guide"
---

## Overview

Maryk App is the desktop UI for Maryk stores.
Use it to inspect models, scan records, edit values, and export/import data.

## Prerequisites

- JDK 17+.
- Local store or remote HTTP endpoint.
- FoundationDB users: install `libfdb_c` (see `/store/foundationdb/`).

## Run locally

From repo root:

```bash
./gradlew :app:run
```

## First-time workflow

1. Open Stores window.
2. Add a store config (RocksDB / FoundationDB / Remote).
3. Open store.
4. Select model in catalog.
5. Scan/filter/sort records.
6. Open a record.
7. Edit in Form or Raw YAML.
8. Save and verify in History tab.

## Store types

- RocksDB:
  - Local directory path.
  - Single process lock applies.
- FoundationDB:
  - Directory path.
  - Optional cluster file, optional tenant.
- Remote:
  - HTTP URL to CLI `serve` endpoint.
  - Optional SSH tunnel.

Saved configs: `~/.maryk/app/stores.conf`.

## Remote setup (HTTP + optional SSH)

Server side example:

```bash
maryk --exec "serve rocksdb --dir /path/to/store --port 8210"
```

(`--connect` is not needed for `serve` in one-shot mode.)

Then in app:

1. Add store type `Remote`.
2. Set URL (`http://host:8210`).
3. If needed, enable SSH tunnel and set host/user/port/identity.

Notes:

- Remote transport is HTTP; use SSH if transport encryption needed.
- If server binds to loopback (`127.0.0.1`) on remote host, set URL to that loopback URL and use SSH tunnel.

## UI map

- Stores window:
  - Saved store list.
  - Add/edit/remove/open.
- Browser window:
  - Left: model catalog.
  - Center: data/model tabs.
  - Right: record inspector.
  - Top bar: connection info, actions, panel toggles.

## Data browsing

- Model search with fuzzy match.
- Scan paging.
- Sort by key or index.
- Filters via builder or raw YAML.
- Pin model fields to columns.
- Row actions: open, edit, copy key/data, export, delete.

## Record inspector

- Data tab:
  - Structured tree view.
  - Search.
  - Reference navigation and preview.
- Raw tab:
  - YAML.
  - Search/copy/edit.
- History tab:
  - Version timeline.
  - Diff view.

## Record editor

Two modes:

- Form mode:
  - Typed inputs with inline validation.
  - Supports scalar and complex definitions:
    - List / Set / Map / IncrementingMap.
    - Embedded object/values.
    - MultiType (type select + value editing).
    - Reference, bytes, date/time/datetime, enums, numbers, booleans, strings.
- Raw YAML mode:
  - Direct YAML edits.
  - Save guarded against stale state.

## Import / export

- Schema export: JSON, YAML, Proto, Kotlin.
- Data export: row/model/all.
- Data import:
  - Auto-detect format/scope.
  - Expects Maryk export structures (metadata + versioned changes where applicable).

## Shortcuts

- Cmd/Ctrl+R: reload scan.
- Cmd/Ctrl+B: toggle catalog.
- Cmd/Ctrl+I: toggle inspector.
- Esc: close drawer/dialog.
- Arrow/PageUp/PageDown: move selection.
- Enter/Space: open selected record.
- Cmd/Ctrl+click: multi-select.
- Shift+click: range select.

## Troubleshooting

- Cannot open RocksDB:
  - Ensure no other process has the DB open.
- FoundationDB connect fails:
  - Check `libfdb_c`, cluster file, tenant path.
- Remote connect fails:
  - Verify CLI `serve` running.
  - Check URL/port/tunnel target.
- Empty scans:
  - Confirm selected model and filter expression.

## Local state paths

- Store configs: `~/.maryk/app/stores.conf`.
- UI prefs (panel/pins): Java Preferences node `io.maryk.app.ui`.
