core/docs/properties/types/list.md, before:

# List Property
Stores an ordered list of items where duplicates are allowed.

See [properties page](../README.md) to see which property types it can contain.
Property definitions need to be required and values can thus not be null.

- Kotlin Definition: `ListDefinition<T>` T is for type of value definition
- Kotlin Value: `List`
- Maryk Yaml Definition: `List`

## Usage options
- Value

## Validation Options
- `required` - default true
- `final` - default false
- `minSize` - default unset. Minimum size of list
- `maxSize` - default unset. Maximum size of list

## Other options
- `default` - the default value to be used if value was not set.
- `valueDefinition` - definition of values contained

## Examples

**Example of a List property definition for use within a Model**
```kotlin
val names by list(
    index = 1u,
    required = false,
    final = true,
    valueDefinition = StringDefinition()
)
```

**Example of a separate List property definition**
```kotlin
val def = ListDefinition(
    required = false,
    final = true,
    valueDefinition = StringDefinition()
)
```

## Operations
List can be applied with List operations through `ListPropertyChange` to check
or change their contents. It can be defined with a set with `addValuesToEnd` or 
a list with `deleteValues`. It can also operate with the value index by
 a map with `addValuesAtIndex` or a list with `deleteAtIndex`. 

The current value can be compared against `valueToCompare`

**Example on a model with a list containing strings.**

```kotlin
ListChange(
    Model { listOfStrings::ref }.change(
        addValuesToEnd = listOf("three", "four"),
        deleteValues = listOf("one", "two")
    )
)
```

**Example with indexed operations on a model with a list containing strings.**

Kotlin:
```kotlin
ListChange(
    Model { listOfStrings::ref }.change(
        addValuesAtIndex = mapOf(
            0 to "three", 
            0 to "four"
        ),
        deleteAtIndex = setOf(1, 2)
    )
)
```

## Storage Byte representation
Depends on the specific implementation. The values are stored in their representative
byte representation.

## Transport Byte representation
Lists can be encoded in 2 ways, normal tag/value pairs and packed mode. 

In tag/value pairs the values are encoded with a tag referring to the list and 
the value as their normal transport byte representation.

### Tag value pairs
``` T V  T V  T V  T V  T V ```

- `T` = Tag + wiretype
- `V` = Value encoded as Length Delimited or Start Group (Until end group)
 
In Packed encoding multiple values are encoded with one tag representing the specific 
list and a Length Delimiter. This is only available and is automatically applied for values
of `BIT_32`, `BIT_64` or `VAR_INT` wiretype encoding since the sizes of each item are known.

### Packed encoding
``` T L V V V V V ```

- `T` = Tag + wiretype of Length Delimited
- `L` = VarInt with Length
- `V` = Value encoded as `BIT_32`, `BIT_64` or `VAR_INT`

Commit message:

Docs: update property references, indexing, and type refinements
- Clarify `embed` usage across data modeling and references.
- Replace `definitionMap` with `typeEnum` in `MultiType` documentation.
- Document `refAt(index)` and `refToAny()` usage for lists in filters and updates.
- Explain list references' lack of support for `RootDataModel` indexing.
- Standardize examples around `UUIDv7Key` and other recent API changes.
- Address consistent `by` usage for property definitions and adjustments to embedded models.

core/docs/properties/types/list.md, after:

# List Property
Stores an ordered list of items where duplicates are allowed.

See [properties page](../README.md) to see which property types it can contain.
Property definitions need to be required and values can thus not be null.

- Kotlin Definition: `ListDefinition<T>` T is for type of value definition
- Kotlin Value: `List`
- Maryk Yaml Definition: `List`

## Usage options
- Value

## Validation Options
- `required` - default true
- `final` - default false
- `minSize` - default unset. Minimum size of list
- `maxSize` - default unset. Maximum size of list

## Other options
- `default` - the default value to be used if value was not set.
- `valueDefinition` - definition of values contained

## Examples

**Example of a List property definition for use within a Model**
```kotlin
val names by list(
    index = 1u,
    required = false,
    final = true,
    valueDefinition = StringDefinition()
)
```

**Example of a separate List property definition**
```kotlin
val def = ListDefinition(
    required = false,
    final = true,
    valueDefinition = StringDefinition()
)
```

## Operations
List can be applied with List operations through `ListPropertyChange` to check
or change their contents. It can be defined with a set with `addValuesToEnd` or 
a list with `deleteValues`. It can also operate with the value index by
 a map with `addValuesAtIndex` or a list with `deleteAtIndex`. 

The current value can be compared against `valueToCompare`

**Example on a model with a list containing strings.**

```kotlin
ListChange(
    Model { listOfStrings::ref }.change(
        addValuesToEnd = listOf("three", "four"),
        deleteValues = listOf("one", "two")
    )
)
```

**Example with indexed operations on a model with a list containing strings.**

Kotlin:
```kotlin
ListChange(
    Model { listOfStrings::ref }.change(
        addValuesAtIndex = mapOf(
            0 to "three", 
            0 to "four"
        ),
        deleteAtIndex = setOf(1, 2)
    )
)
```

## Indexing list values

List references like `refAt(index)` and `refToAny()` (`list.*`) can be used in filters and changes.
They are not indexable in `RootDataModel` index definitions.

## Storage Byte representation
Depends on the specific implementation. The values are stored in their representative
byte representation.

## Transport Byte representation
Lists can be encoded in 2 ways, normal tag/value pairs and packed mode. 

In tag/value pairs the values are encoded with a tag referring to the list and 
the value as their normal transport byte representation.

### Tag value pairs
``` T V  T V  T V  T V  T V ```

- `T` = Tag + wiretype
- `V` = Value encoded as Length Delimited or Start Group (Until end group)
 
In Packed encoding multiple values are encoded with one tag representing the specific 
list and a Length Delimiter. This is only available and is automatically applied for values
of `BIT_32`, `BIT_64` or `VAR_INT` wiretype encoding since the sizes of each item are known.

### Packed encoding
``` T L V V V V V ```

- `T` = Tag + wiretype of Length Delimited
- `L` = VarInt with Length
- `V` = Value encoded as `BIT_32`, `BIT_64` or `VAR_INT`
