core/docs/properties/types/set.md, before:

# Set Property
Stores an unordered set of unique items.

See [properties page](../README.md) to see which property types it can contain.
Property definitions need to be required and values can thus not be null.

- Kotlin Definition: `SetDefinition<T>` T is for type of value definition
- Kotlin Value: `Set`
- Maryk Yaml Definition: `Set`

## Usage options
- Value

## Validation Options
- `required` - default true
- `final` - default false
- `minSize` - default unset. Minimum size of set
- `maxSize` - default unset. Maximum size of set

## Other options
- `default` - the default value to be used if value was not set.
- `valueDefinition` - definition of values contained

## Examples

**Example of a Set property definition for use within a Model**
```kotlin
val names by set(
    index = 1u,
    required = false,
    final = true,
    valueDefinition = StringDefinition()
)
```

**Example of a separate Set property definition**
```kotlin
val def = SetDefinition(
    required = true,
    final = true,
    valueDefinition = StringDefinition()
)
```

## Operations
Set can be applied with Set operations through `SetPropertyChange` to check
or change the contents. It can be defined with a set with `addValues` or a set with 
`deleteValues`. The current value can be compared against `valueToCompare`

Kotlin example on a model with a set containing strings.
```kotlin
SetChange(
    Model { setOfStrings::ref }.change(
        addValues = setOf("three", "four"),
        deleteValues = setOf("one", "two")
    )
)
```

## Byte representation
Depends on the specific implementation. The values are stored in their representative byte 
representation.

## Transport Byte representation
Sets can be encoded in 2 ways, normal tag/value pairs and packed mode. 

In tag/value pairs the values are encoded with a tag referring to the set and 
the value as their normal transport byte representation.

### Tag value pairs
``` T V  T V  T V  T V  T V ```

- `T` = Tag + wiretype
- `V` = Value encoded as LENGTH_DELIMITED or START_GROUP (Until end group)
 
In Packed encoding multiple values are encoded with one tag representing the specific 
set and a Length Delimiter. This is only available and is automatically applied for values
of BIT_32, BIT_64 or VAR_INT wiretype encoding since the sizes of each item are known.

### Packed encoding
``` T L V V V V V ```

- `T` = Tag + wiretype of Length Delimited
- `L` = VarInt with Length
- `V` = Value encoded as  BIT_32, BIT_64 or VAR_INT

Commit message:

Add map any-key and set-any index support with update-order fixes
- add wildcard references for map any key (~) and set any value (*)
- keep map any value (*) for filtering, not indexing
- support multi-entry index materialization for map/set refs
- fix scan update ordering when multiple index updates occur for same index
- align fuzzy qualifier decoding across memory/rocksdb/foundationdb
- add regression tests for any-key/set indexing and update listener behavior
- document wildcard reference/index capabilities in core docs

core/docs/properties/types/set.md, after:

# Set Property
Stores an unordered set of unique items.

See [properties page](../README.md) to see which property types it can contain.
Property definitions need to be required and values can thus not be null.

- Kotlin Definition: `SetDefinition<T>` T is for type of value definition
- Kotlin Value: `Set`
- Maryk Yaml Definition: `Set`

## Usage options
- Value

## Validation Options
- `required` - default true
- `final` - default false
- `minSize` - default unset. Minimum size of set
- `maxSize` - default unset. Maximum size of set

## Other options
- `default` - the default value to be used if value was not set.
- `valueDefinition` - definition of values contained

## Examples

**Example of a Set property definition for use within a Model**
```kotlin
val names by set(
    index = 1u,
    required = false,
    final = true,
    valueDefinition = StringDefinition()
)
```

**Example of a separate Set property definition**
```kotlin
val def = SetDefinition(
    required = true,
    final = true,
    valueDefinition = StringDefinition()
)
```

## Operations
Set can be applied with Set operations through `SetPropertyChange` to check
or change the contents. It can be defined with a set with `addValues` or a set with 
`deleteValues`. The current value can be compared against `valueToCompare`

Kotlin example on a model with a set containing strings.
```kotlin
SetChange(
    Model { setOfStrings::ref }.change(
        addValues = setOf("three", "four"),
        deleteValues = setOf("one", "two")
    )
)
```

## Indexing set values

Set properties can be indexed on any set value with `refToAny()` (`set.*` in string notation).

Example:
```kotlin
object ExampleModel : RootDataModel<ExampleModel>(
    indexes = {
        listOf(
            ExampleModel { tags.refToAny() }
        )
    }
) {
    val tags by set(
        index = 1u,
        required = false,
        valueDefinition = StringDefinition()
    )
}
```

## Byte representation
Depends on the specific implementation. The values are stored in their representative byte 
representation.

## Transport Byte representation
Sets can be encoded in 2 ways, normal tag/value pairs and packed mode. 

In tag/value pairs the values are encoded with a tag referring to the set and 
the value as their normal transport byte representation.

### Tag value pairs
``` T V  T V  T V  T V  T V ```

- `T` = Tag + wiretype
- `V` = Value encoded as LENGTH_DELIMITED or START_GROUP (Until end group)
 
In Packed encoding multiple values are encoded with one tag representing the specific 
set and a Length Delimiter. This is only available and is automatically applied for values
of BIT_32, BIT_64 or VAR_INT wiretype encoding since the sizes of each item are known.

### Packed encoding
``` T L V V V V V ```

- `T` = Tag + wiretype of Length Delimited
- `L` = VarInt with Length
- `V` = Value encoded as  BIT_32, BIT_64 or VAR_INT
