documentation/properties/number.md, before:

#Number
Used to store numbers in specific formats. Signed floats and signed and 
unsigned integers are available.

- Kotlin Definition : **NumberDefinition**
- Kotlin Value: **UInt8 | UInt16 | UInt32 | UInt64 | Byte | 
                Short | Int | Long | Float | Double**
- Maryk Yaml Definition: **UInt8 | UInt16 | UInt32 | UInt64 | Int8 | 
Int16 | Int32 | Int64 | Float32 | Float64**

## Types

### Unsigned Integers
- **UInt8** - 8 bit Unsigned Integer 
    * Range: 0..255
- **UInt16** - 16 bit Unsigned Integer 
    * Range: 0..65536
- **UInt32** - 32 bit Unsigned Integer 
    * Range: 0..4294967296
- **UInt64** - 64 bit Unsigned Integer 
    * Range: 0..18446744073709551615

### Signed Integers
- **SInt8** - 8 bit Signed Integer 
    * Range: -128..127
- **SInt16** - 16 bit Signed Integer 
    * Range: -32768..32767
- **SInt32** - 32 bit signed Integer 
    * Range: -2147483648..2147483647
- **SInt64** - 64 bit Signed Integer 
    * Range: -9223372036854775808..9223372036854775807

### Signed Floats
- **Float32** - 32 bit single precision signed floating point 
    * Range: -Infinity..Infinity
- **Float64** - 64 bit double precision signed floating point 
    * Range: -Infinity..Infinity

## Usage options
- Value
- Map Key
- Map Value
- Inside List/Set

## Validation Options
- Required
- Final
- Unique
- RegEx - Regular expression to exactly match
- Minimum value
- Maximum value
- Random value

## Data options
- index - Position in DataModel 
- indexed - Default false
- searchable - Default true
- type - type of number. See Types above.

**Example of a kotlin Number definition**
```kotlin
val def = NumberDefinition(
    name = "counter",
    index = 0,
    type = UInt32,
    required = true,
    final = true,
    unique = true,
    minValue = 32,
    maxValue = 1000000,
    random = true
)
```

## Byte representation
All numbers are encoded to a fixed length byte format fitting their type. 
For example 4 bytes for Int32 and 1 for Int8. All numbers are encoded in
an order fitting their natural order. For signed numbers this means that 
the sign byte is switched so negative numbers come before positive ones.

Examples:

```
//UInt8:
1 == 0b0000_0001

//UInt8:
129 == 0b1000_0001

//SInt8:
1 == 0b1000_0001

//SInt8:
-127 == 0b0000_0001

```

Commit message:

Update documentation with how properties are encoded for transport

documentation/properties/number.md, after:

#Number
Used to store numbers in specific formats. Signed floats and signed and 
unsigned integers are available.

- Kotlin Definition : **NumberDefinition**
- Kotlin Value: **UInt8 | UInt16 | UInt32 | UInt64 | Byte | 
                Short | Int | Long | Float | Double**
- Maryk Yaml Definition: **UInt8 | UInt16 | UInt32 | UInt64 | Int8 | 
Int16 | Int32 | Int64 | Float32 | Float64**

## Types

### Unsigned Integers
- **UInt8** - 8 bit Unsigned Integer 
    * Range: 0..255
- **UInt16** - 16 bit Unsigned Integer 
    * Range: 0..65536
- **UInt32** - 32 bit Unsigned Integer 
    * Range: 0..4294967296
- **UInt64** - 64 bit Unsigned Integer 
    * Range: 0..18446744073709551615

### Signed Integers
- **SInt8** - 8 bit Signed Integer 
    * Range: -128..127
- **SInt16** - 16 bit Signed Integer 
    * Range: -32768..32767
- **SInt32** - 32 bit signed Integer 
    * Range: -2147483648..2147483647
- **SInt64** - 64 bit Signed Integer 
    * Range: -9223372036854775808..9223372036854775807

### Signed Floats
- **Float32** - 32 bit single precision signed floating point 
    * Range: -Infinity..Infinity
- **Float64** - 64 bit double precision signed floating point 
    * Range: -Infinity..Infinity

## Usage options
- Value
- Map Key
- Map Value
- Inside List/Set

## Validation Options
- Required
- Final
- Unique
- RegEx - Regular expression to exactly match
- Minimum value
- Maximum value
- Random value

## Data options
- index - Position in DataModel 
- indexed - Default false
- searchable - Default true
- type - type of number. See Types above.

**Example of a kotlin Number definition**
```kotlin
val def = NumberDefinition(
    name = "counter",
    index = 0,
    type = UInt32,
    required = true,
    final = true,
    unique = true,
    minValue = 32,
    maxValue = 1000000,
    random = true
)
```

## Storage Byte representation
All numbers are encoded to a fixed length byte format fitting their type. 
For example 4 bytes for Int32 and 1 for Int8. All numbers are encoded in
an order fitting their natural order. For signed numbers this means that 
the sign byte is switched so negative numbers come before positive ones.

Examples:

```
//UInt8:
1 == 0b0000_0001

//UInt8:
129 == 0b1000_0001

//SInt8:
1 == 0b1000_0001

//SInt8:
-127 == 0b0000_0001

``` 

## Transport Byte representation
The numbers are differently encoded depending on their type.

 - **UInt8** **UInt16** **UInt32** **UInt64** Encoded as VarInt as unsigned
 number.
 - **SInt8** **SInt16** **SInt32** **SInt64** Encoded as VarInt zigzaging
 between positive and negative numbers. This means 0 as 0, -1 as 1, 1 as 2,
 -2 as three etc. This way small positive and negative numbers take less space
 - **Float32** Encoded as BIT_32
 - **Float64** Encoded as BIT_64
