core/documentation/properties/types/date.md, before:

# Date
A Date Property which can be used to represent the date in years, month and date. The 
year is unsigned so it can contain negative dates

- Maryk Yaml Definition: `Date`
- Kotlin Definition: `DateDefinition`
- Kotlin Value: `Date`

## Usage options
- Value
- Map Key or Value
- Inside List/Set

## Validation Options
- `required` - default true
- `final` - default false
- `unique` - default false
- `minValue` - default unset. Minimum value
- `maxValue` - default unset. Maximum value
- `fillWithNow` - default false. If true it will set the date with the current UTC date

## Data options
- `indexed` - default false
- `searchable` - default true

## Examples

**Example of a Kotlin Date property definition**
```kotlin
val def = DateDefinition(
    required = false,
    final = true,
    unique = true,
    minValue = Date(1900, 1, 1),
    maxValue = Date(2100, 1, 1),
    fillWithNow = true
)
```

**Example of a YAML Date property definition**
```yaml
!Date
  required: false
  unique: false
  final: true
  minValue: 1900-01-01
  maxValue: 2100-01-01
  fillWithNow: true
```

## Storage Byte representation
The date is represented by a 8 byte long counting the amount of days from January 1st 1970

## Transport Byte representation
The date is represented by a VarInt with the days since January 1st 1970

## String representation
ISO8601 String: `YYYY-MM-DD`

Example: `2018-04-24`

Commit message:

Add default properties to all basic property definitions

core/documentation/properties/types/date.md, after:

# Date
A Date Property which can be used to represent the date in years, month and date. The 
year is unsigned so it can contain negative dates

- Maryk Yaml Definition: `Date`
- Kotlin Definition: `DateDefinition`
- Kotlin Value: `Date`

## Usage options
- Value
- Map Key or Value
- Inside List/Set

## Validation Options
- `required` - default true
- `final` - default false
- `unique` - default false
- `minValue` - default unset. Minimum value
- `maxValue` - default unset. Maximum value
- `fillWithNow` - default false. If true it will set the date with the current UTC date

## Other options
- `default` - the default value to be used if value was not set.
- `indexed` - default false
- `searchable` - default true

## Examples

**Example of a Kotlin Date property definition**
```kotlin
val def = DateDefinition(
    required = false,
    final = true,
    unique = true,
    default = Date(2018, 4, 30),
    minValue = Date(1900, 1, 1),
    maxValue = Date(2100, 1, 1),
    fillWithNow = true
)
```

**Example of a YAML Date property definition**
```yaml
!Date
  required: false
  unique: false
  final: true
  default: 2018-04-30
  minValue: 1900-01-01
  maxValue: 2100-01-01
  fillWithNow: true
```

## Storage Byte representation
The date is represented by a 8 byte long counting the amount of days from January 1st 1970

## Transport Byte representation
The date is represented by a VarInt with the days since January 1st 1970

## String representation
ISO8601 String: `YYYY-MM-DD`

Example: `2018-04-24`
