core/documentation/properties/types/geopoint.md, before:

# GeoPoint
Represents a geographical coordinate for a location. The value can contain up 
to 7 digits. This represents an accuracy of up to ~11mm or ~0.43 inch.

- Maryk Yaml Definition: `GeoPoint`
- Kotlin Definition: `GeoPointDefinition`
- Kotlin Value: `GeoPoint`

## Usage options
- Value
- Map key or value
- Inside List/Set

## Validation Options
- `required` - default true
- `final` - default false

## Other options
- `default` - the default value to be used if value was not set.

## Examples

**Example of a YAML Enum property definition**
```yaml
!GeoPoint
  required: false
  final: true
  default: 52.0906448,5.1212607
```

**Example of a Kotlin Enum property definition**
```kotlin
val def = GeoPointDefinition(
    required = true,
    final = true,
    default = GeoPoint(52.0906448, 5.1212607)
)
```

## Storage Byte representation
The values are encoded as 2 integers in full format each taking 4 bytes for a total
of 8 bytes. The integer is calculated by multiplying the latitude/longitude by 10000000
and is rounded so it is accurate to 7 digits.

## Transport Byte representation
The same format as storage bytes.

## String representation
The two doubles separated by a comma: `52.0906448,5.1212607`

Commit message:

Fix issue with GeoPoint being difficult to match proto buffer encoding.

core/documentation/properties/types/geopoint.md, after:

# GeoPoint
Represents a geographical coordinate for a location. The value can contain up 
to 7 digits. This represents an accuracy of up to ~11mm or ~0.43 inch.

- Maryk Yaml Definition: `GeoPoint`
- Kotlin Definition: `GeoPointDefinition`
- Kotlin Value: `GeoPoint`

## Usage options
- Value
- Map key or value
- Inside List/Set

## Validation Options
- `required` - default true
- `final` - default false

## Other options
- `default` - the default value to be used if value was not set.

## Examples

**Example of a YAML Enum property definition**
```yaml
!GeoPoint
  required: false
  final: true
  default: 52.0906448,5.1212607
```

**Example of a Kotlin Enum property definition**
```kotlin
val def = GeoPointDefinition(
    required = true,
    final = true,
    default = GeoPoint(52.0906448, 5.1212607)
)
```

## Storage Byte representation
The values are encoded as 2 integers in full format each taking 4 bytes for a total
of 8 bytes. The integer is calculated by multiplying the latitude/longitude by 10000000
and is rounded so it is accurate to 7 digits.

## Transport Byte representation
The latitude and longitude value are combined into one Long by bitshifting the latitude as int
in the front of the long and the longitude in the back. This is encoded as a little endian
encoded long compatible with `fixed64` encoding in ProtoBuf. 

## String representation
The two doubles separated by a comma: `52.0906448,5.1212607`
