core/documentation/properties/types/list.md, before:

# List Property
A property to contain lists of items. The items are ordered and the same item can be
added multiple times.

See [properties page](../properties.md) to see which property types it can contain.
Property definitions need to be required and values can thus not be null.

- Maryk Yaml Definition: **List**
- Kotlin Definition : **ListDefinition<T>** T is for type of value definition
- Kotlin Value: **List**

## Usage options
- Value

## Validation Options
- Required
- Final
- Minimum size
- Maximum size

## Data options
- index - Position in DataModel 
- indexed - Default false
- searchable - Default true
- valueDefinition

**Example of a kotlin List definition**
```kotlin
val def = ListDefinition(
    required = false,
    final = true,
    valueDefinition = StringDefinition()
)
```

## Operations
List can be applied with List operations through `ListPropertyChange` to check
or change their contents. It can be defined with a set with `addValuesToEnd` or 
a list with `deleteValues`. It can also operate with the value index by
 a map with `addValuesAtIndex` or a list with `deleteAtIndex`. 

The current value can be compared against `valueToCompare`

Kotlin example on a model with a list containing strings.
```kotlin
Model.ref { listOfStrings }.change(
    addValuesToEnd: listOf("three", "four"),
    deleteValues: listOf("one", "two"),
    valueToCompare: listOf("one", "two")
)
```

Kotlin example with indexed operations on a model with a list containing strings.
```kotlin
Model.ref { listOfStrings }.change(
    addValuesAtIndex: map(
        0 to "three", 
        0 to "four"
    ),
    deleteAtIndex: setOf(1, 2),
    valueToCompare: listOf("one", "two")
)
```

## Storage Byte representation
Depends on the specific implementation. The values are stored in their representative
byte representation.

## Transport Byte representation
Lists can be encoded in 2 ways, normal tag/value pairs and packed mode. 

In tag/value pairs the values are encoded with a tag referring to the list and 
the value as their normal transport byte representation.

### Tag value pairs
``` T V  T V  T V  T V  T V ```

- T = Tag + wiretype
- V = Value encoded as Length Delimited or Start Group (Until end group)
 
In Packed encoding multiple values are encoded with one tag representing the specific 
list and a Length Delimiter. This is only available and is automatically applied for values
of BIT_32, BIT_64 or VAR_INT wiretype encoding since the sizes of each item are known.

### Packed encoding
``` T L V V V V V ```

- T = Tag + wiretype of Length Delimited
- L = VarInt with Length
- V = Value encoded as  BIT_32, BIT_64 or VAR_INT

Commit message:

Update property definition documentation to latest code

core/documentation/properties/types/list.md, after:

# List Property
A property to contain lists of items. The items are ordered and the same item can be
added multiple times.

See [properties page](../properties.md) to see which property types it can contain.
Property definitions need to be required and values can thus not be null.

- Maryk Yaml Definition: `List`
- Kotlin Definition: `ListDefinition<T>` T is for type of value definition
- Kotlin Value: `List`

## Usage options
- Value

## Validation Options
- `required` - default true
- `final` - default false
- `minSize` - default unset. Minimum size of list
- `maxSize` - default unset. Maximum size of list

## Data options
- `indexed` - default false
- `searchable` - default true
- `valueDefinition` - definition of values contained

**Example of a Kotlin List property definition**
```kotlin
val def = ListDefinition(
    required = false,
    final = true,
    valueDefinition = StringDefinition()
)
```

**Example of a YAML List property definition**
```yaml
!List
  valueDefinition: !String
  indexed: false
  searchable: true
  required: false
  final: true
  minSize: 1
  maxSize: 10
```

## Operations
List can be applied with List operations through `ListPropertyChange` to check
or change their contents. It can be defined with a set with `addValuesToEnd` or 
a list with `deleteValues`. It can also operate with the value index by
 a map with `addValuesAtIndex` or a list with `deleteAtIndex`. 

The current value can be compared against `valueToCompare`

Kotlin example on a model with a list containing strings.
```kotlin
Model.ref { listOfStrings }.change(
    addValuesToEnd: listOf("three", "four"),
    deleteValues: listOf("one", "two"),
    valueToCompare: listOf("one", "two")
)
```

Kotlin example with indexed operations on a model with a list containing strings.
```kotlin
Model.ref { listOfStrings }.change(
    addValuesAtIndex: map(
        0 to "three", 
        0 to "four"
    ),
    deleteAtIndex: setOf(1, 2),
    valueToCompare: listOf("one", "two")
)
```

## Storage Byte representation
Depends on the specific implementation. The values are stored in their representative
byte representation.

## Transport Byte representation
Lists can be encoded in 2 ways, normal tag/value pairs and packed mode. 

In tag/value pairs the values are encoded with a tag referring to the list and 
the value as their normal transport byte representation.

### Tag value pairs
``` T V  T V  T V  T V  T V ```

- `T` = Tag + wiretype
- `V` = Value encoded as Length Delimited or Start Group (Until end group)
 
In Packed encoding multiple values are encoded with one tag representing the specific 
list and a Length Delimiter. This is only available and is automatically applied for values
of `BIT_32`, `BIT_64` or `VAR_INT` wiretype encoding since the sizes of each item are known.

### Packed encoding
``` T L V V V V V ```

- `T` = Tag + wiretype of Length Delimited
- `L` = VarInt with Length
- `V` = Value encoded as `BIT_32`, `BIT_64` or `VAR_INT`
