core/documentation/properties/types/map.md, before:

# Map Property
A property to contain a map of items. 

See [properties page](../properties.md) to see which property types it can contain for
as key and as value. Property definitions need to be required and values can thus not
be null.

- Maryk Yaml Definition: `Map`
- Kotlin Definition: `MapDefinition<K, V>` 
    - K for type of key definition 
    - V for type of value definition
- Kotlin Value: `Map`

## Usage options
- Value

## Validation Options
- `required` - default true
- `final` - default false
- `minSize` - default unset. Minimum size of map
- `maxSize` - default unset. Maximum size of map

## Other options
- `indexed` - default false
- `searchable` - default true
- `keyDefinition` - definition of keys contained in map
- `valueDefinition` - definition of values contained in map

## Examples

**Example of a Kotlin Map property definition**
```kotlin
val def = MapDefinition(
    required = false,
    final = true,
    keyDefinition = NumberDefinition(type = UInt32),
    valueDefinition = StringDefinition()
)
```

**Example of a YAML Map property definition**
```yaml
!Map
  keyDefinition: !Number
    type: UInt32
  valueDefinition: !String
  indexed: true
  searchable: true
  required: false
  final: true
  minSize: 1
  maxSize: 10
```


## Operations
Maps can be applied with Map operations through `MapPropertyChange` to check
or change the contents. It can be defined with a map with `valuesToAdd` or a set of 
`keysToDelete`. The current value can be compared against `valueToCompare`

Kotlin example on a model with a map containing integers mapped to strings.
```kotlin
Model.ref { mapOfIntToString }.change(
    valuesToAdd: mapOf(
        3 to "three",
        4 to "four"
    ),
    keysToDelete: setOf(1, 2),
    valueToCompare: mapOf(
        1 to "one",
        2 to "two"
    )
)
```

## Storage Byte representation
Depends on the specific implementation. The values are stored in their representative byte 
representation.

## Transport Byte representation
Maps are encoded as multiple entries of tag/value pairs with the tag referring to the index
of the map. The wire type is length delimited and the values are 2 tag/value pairs with the
first one with `tag=1` the key and secondly the value with `tag=2`.

Map encoding
``` T L Tk Vk Tv Vv  T L Tk Vk Tv Vv ```

- `T` is the tag index of the map
- `L` is length of encoded key value pair
- `Tk` is the tag for key and is 1
- `Vk` is the value of the key
- `Tv` is the tag for the value which is 2
- `Vv` is the encoded value of the value

(The encoded values could be encoded Length delimited and thus also contain lengths of the bytes)

Commit message:

Update documentation on support for default value for relevant properties. And update naming of HasDefaultValueDefinition

core/documentation/properties/types/map.md, after:

# Map Property
A property to contain a map of items. 

See [properties page](../properties.md) to see which property types it can contain for
as key and as value. Property definitions need to be required and values can thus not
be null.

- Maryk Yaml Definition: `Map`
- Kotlin Definition: `MapDefinition<K, V>` 
    - K for type of key definition 
    - V for type of value definition
- Kotlin Value: `Map`

## Usage options
- Value

## Validation Options
- `required` - default true
- `final` - default false
- `minSize` - default unset. Minimum size of map
- `maxSize` - default unset. Maximum size of map

## Other options
- `default` - the default value to be used if value was not set.
- `indexed` - default false
- `searchable` - default true
- `keyDefinition` - definition of keys contained in map
- `valueDefinition` - definition of values contained in map

## Examples

**Example of a Kotlin Map property definition**
```kotlin
val def = MapDefinition(
    required = false,
    final = true,
    keyDefinition = NumberDefinition(type = UInt32),
    valueDefinition = StringDefinition()
)
```

**Example of a YAML Map property definition**
```yaml
!Map
  keyDefinition: !Number
    type: UInt32
  valueDefinition: !String
  indexed: true
  searchable: true
  required: false
  final: true
  minSize: 1
  maxSize: 10
```


## Operations
Maps can be applied with Map operations through `MapPropertyChange` to check
or change the contents. It can be defined with a map with `valuesToAdd` or a set of 
`keysToDelete`. The current value can be compared against `valueToCompare`

Kotlin example on a model with a map containing integers mapped to strings.
```kotlin
Model.ref { mapOfIntToString }.change(
    valuesToAdd: mapOf(
        3 to "three",
        4 to "four"
    ),
    keysToDelete: setOf(1, 2),
    valueToCompare: mapOf(
        1 to "one",
        2 to "two"
    )
)
```

## Storage Byte representation
Depends on the specific implementation. The values are stored in their representative byte 
representation.

## Transport Byte representation
Maps are encoded as multiple entries of tag/value pairs with the tag referring to the index
of the map. The wire type is length delimited and the values are 2 tag/value pairs with the
first one with `tag=1` the key and secondly the value with `tag=2`.

Map encoding
``` T L Tk Vk Tv Vv  T L Tk Vk Tv Vv ```

- `T` is the tag index of the map
- `L` is length of encoded key value pair
- `Tk` is the tag for key and is 1
- `Vk` is the value of the key
- `Tv` is the tag for the value which is 2
- `Vv` is the encoded value of the value

(The encoded values could be encoded Length delimited and thus also contain lengths of the bytes)
