core/documentation/query.md, before:

# Query Data

You can perform a selection of query actions on a store of data objects. This store can be local or the 
query action can be serialized and send to a store on another server to be performed there.

## Basic Query Actions

Maryk provides some basic query actions which are basically based on the CRUD model: you can add, change, get,
scan or delete objects. 

The Get and Scan request types are available in 3 flavors:
- `GetRequest`/`ScanRequest` - Returns `Values` to represent the object as it is on requested time.
- `GetUpdatesRequest`/`ScanUpdatesRequest` - Returns `Updates` like `Addition`/`Change`/`Removal` to show
 the changing of data and its view defined by filters and limit/offset over time. Is possible to use in `executeFlow`
 to get live updates as new data is processed.
- `GetChangesRequest`/`ScanChangesRequest` - Returns any data as versioned changes as it is stored in the datastore 
 ordered per data object.

### Add

With [`AddRequest`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/requests/AddRequest.kt) objects can be 
added to a store. When applied it will deliver an [`AddResponse`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/responses/AddResponse.kt)
with a status on each object to add.

Example:

Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!Add
  to: Person
  objects:
  - firstName: Jurriaan
    lastName: Mous
  - firstName: John
    lastName: Smith
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val addRequest = Person.add(
    Person(
        firstName = "Jurriaan",
        lastName = "Mous"
    ),
    Person(
        firstName = "John",
        lastName = "Smith"
    )    
)
```

### Change

With [`ChangeRequest`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/requests/ChangeRequest.kt) objects can be 
changed in a store. When applied it will deliver an [`ChangeResponse`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/responses/ChangeResponse.kt)
with a status on each change.

Refer to [property operations](properties/operations.md) to see how to apply
changes to properties.

Example:
Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!Change
  to: SimpleMarykObject
  objects:
  - key: MYc6LBYcT38nWxoE1ahNxA
    changes:
      !Check
        firstName: Jane
      !Change
        lastName: Doe
  - key: lneV6ioyQL0vnbkLqwVw+A
    changes:
      !Change
        lastName: Smith
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val person1Key // Containing the key of person 1 to change
val person2Key // Containing the key of person 2 to change

val changeRequest = Person.change(
    person1Key.change(
        Check(Person { firstName::ref } with "Jane"),
        Change(Person { lastName::ref } with "Doe")
    ),
    person2Key.change(
        Change(Person { lastName::ref } with "Smith")
    )
)
```

Simplify references with Kotlin `run{}`:
```kotlin
val person1Key // Containing the key of person 1 to change
val person2Key // Containing the key of person 2 to change

val changeRequest = Person.run {
  change(
      person1Key.change(
          Check(ref { firstName } with "Jane"),
          Change(ref { lastName } with "Doe")
      ),
      person2Key.change(
          Change(ref { lastName } with "Smith")
      )
  )
}
```

### Delete
With [`DeleteRequest`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/requests/DeleteRequest.kt)
objects can be deleted inside a store. The objects can be deleted by passing 
a list of object [`keys`](key.md). Objects can either be hard or soft deleted.
With a hard delete the data is certainly gone, and with soft delete (Default) it is
still in the store but not viewable unless specifically requested.
When applied it will deliver an [`DeleteResponse`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/responses/DeleteResponse.kt)
with a status on each delete.

Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!Delete
  from: Person
  keys: 
  - WWurg6ysTsozoMei/SurOw
  - awfbjYrVQ+cdXblfQKV10A
  hardDelete: true
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val person1Key // Containing the key of person 1 to change
val person2Key // Containing the key of person 2 to change

val changeRequest = Person.delete(
    person1Key,
    person2Key,
    hardDelete = true
)
```

### Get 
With [`GetRequest`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/requests/GetRequest.kt)
multiple specific objects can be queried by their [key](key.md). 
To select a subset of values in the query use `select`.
It is possible to filter the results with [filters](filters.md), order the results or to include
soft deleted results by passing `filterSoftDeleted=false`. 

It is also possible to view the objects at a certain version with `toVersion`
if the store supports viewing past versions.

When applied it will deliver an [`ValuesResponse`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/responses/ValuesResponse.kt)
with a list with [`ValuesWithMetaData`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/ValuesWithMetaData.kt)
containing the `key`, `object`, `firstVersion`, `lastVersion` and `isDeleted`.

Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!Get
  from: Person
  keys: 
  - WWurg6ysTsozoMei/SurOw
  - awfbjYrVQ+cdXblfQKV10A
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val person1Key // Containing the key of person 1 to change
val person2Key // Containing the key of person 2 to change

val getRequest = Person.get(
    person1Key,
    person2Key
)
```

With all parameters
Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!Get
  from: Person
  keys: 
  - WWurg6ysTsozoMei/SurOw
  - awfbjYrVQ+cdXblfQKV10A
  select:
  - firstName
  - lastName
  where: !And
  - !Equals
    firstName: Clark
  - !Exists lastName
  order: !Desc lastName
  toVersion: 2
  filterSoftDeleted: false
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val person1Key // Containing the key of person 1 to change
val person2Key // Containing the key of person 2 to change

val getRequest = Person.run{
  get(
      person1Key,
      person2Key,
      where = And(
          Equals(ref { firstName } with "Clark"),
          Exists(ref { lastName })
      ),
      order = ref { lastName }.ascending(),
      toVersion = 2L,
      filterSoftDeleted = false    
  )
}
```

### Scan
With [`ScanRequest`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/requests/ScanRequest.kt)
multiple objects can be queried by passing a startKey to scan from and filters on key parts to end it.
To select a subset of values in the query use `select`
It is possible to filter the results with [filters](filters.md), order or limit the results (default= 100).
It is also possible to include soft deleted results by passing `filterSoftDeleted=false`.

It is also possible to view the objects at a certain version with `toVersion`
if the store supports viewing past versions.

When applied it will deliver an [`ValuesResponse`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/responses/ValuesResponse.kt)
with a list with [`ValuesWithMetaData`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/ValuesWithMetaData.kt)
containing the `key`, `object`, `firstVersion`, `lastVersion` and `isDeleted`.

Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!Scan
  from: Logs
  startKey: Zk6m4QpZQegUg5s13JVYlQ
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val timedKey // Key which start at certain time

val scanRequest = Logs.scan(
    startKey = timedKey
)
```

With all parameters
Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!Scan
  from: Logs
  startKey: Zk6m4QpZQegUg5s13JVYlQ
  select:
    - timeStamp
    - severity
    - message
  where: !GreaterThanEquals
    severity: ERROR
  order: !Desc timeStamp
  filterSoftDeleted: false
  limit: 50
  toVersion: 2
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val timedKey // Key which start at certain time

val scanRequest = Logs.run {
    scan(
        startKey = timedKey,
        where = GreaterThanEquals(
            ref { severity } with Severity.ERROR
        ),
        order = ref { timeStamp }.descending(),
        filterSoftDeleted = false,
        limit = 50,
        toVersion = 2L
    )
}
```

### Scan/Get Updates
You can request updates on Objects ordered by version with 
[`GetUpdatesRequest`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/requests/GetUpdatesRequest.kt).
or [`ScanUpdatesRequest`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/requests/ScanUpdatesRequest.kt).
`maxVersions` (default=1) can be used to control how many versions are returned
at maximum. To return more than 1 version the DataStore needs to have `keepAllVersions` set to `true`.

When applied it will deliver an [`UpdatesResponse`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/responses/UpdatesResponse.kt)
with a list with [`IsUpdatesResponse`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/responses/updates/IsUpdateResponse.kt)
which are either `AdditionUpdate`, `ChangeUpdate`, `RemovalUpdate` and always starts with `OrderedKeysUpdate` with the initial
ordering of keys.

This request type can also be used inside `executeFlow` to listen to updates as they happen in the data store.

Optionally it is possible to pass an `orderedKeys` parameter to a `ScanUpdatesRequest`. It will then pass any changes to 
that list as well. This way you are certain you receive hard deleted values, or added values which had their values changed, 
so they are within range of the passed order/limit.

Get changes with all parameters
Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!GetUpdates
  dataModel: Person
  keys: 
  - WWurg6ysTsozoMei/SurOw
  - awfbjYrVQ+cdXblfQKV10A
  where: !And
  - !Equals
    firstName: Clark
  - !Exists lastName
  order: !Desc lastName
  toVersion: 2000
  filterSoftDeleted: false
  fromVersion: 1000
  maxVersions: 100
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val person1Key // Containing the key of person 1 to change
val person2Key // Containing the key of person 2 to change

val getRequest = Person.run {
    getUpdates(
        person1Key,
        person2Key,
        select = graph {
            listOf(
                firstName,
                lastName
            )
        },
        where = And(
            Equals(ref { firstName } with "Clark"),
            Exists(ref { lastName })
        ),
        order = ref { lastName }.ascending(),
        toVersion = 2000L,
        filterSoftDeleted = false,    
        fromVersion = 1000L,
        maxVersions = 100
    )
}
```

Scan updates with all parameters
Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!ScanChanges
  dataModel: Logs
  startKey: Zk6m4QpZQegUg5s13JVYlQ
  where: !GreaterThanEquals
    severity: ERROR
  order: !Desc timeStamp
  filterSoftDeleted: false
  limit: 50
  fromVersion: 1000
  toVersion: 2000
  maxVersions: 100
  orderedKeys:
  - WWurg6ysTsozoMei/SurOw
  - awfbjYrVQ+cdXblfQKV10A
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val timedKey // Key which start at certain time

val scanRequest = Logs.scanUpdates(
    startKey = timedKey,
    select = graph {
        listOf(
            timeStamp,
            severity,
            message
        )
    },
    where = GreaterThanEquals(
        Logs { severity::ref } with Severity.ERROR
    ),
    order = ref { timeStamp }.descending(),
    filterSoftDeleted = false,    
    limit = 50,
    fromVersion = 1000L,
    toVersion = 2000L,
    maxVersions = 100,
    orderedKeys = listOf(log1Key, log2Key, log3Key)
)
```

### Scan/Get Changes
You can request all the changes on Objects ordered by version with 
[`GetChangesRequest`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/requests/GetChangesRequest.kt).
or [`ScanChangesRequest`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/requests/ScanChangesRequest.kt).
`maxVersions` (default=1) can be used to control how many versions are returned
at maximum. To return more than 1 version the DataStore needs to have `keepAllVersions` set to `true`.

When applied it will deliver an [`ChangesResponse`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/responses/ChangesResponse.kt)
with a list with [`DataObjectVersionedChange`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/changes/DataObjectVersionedChange.kt)
containing the `key` and `changes` with a list of objects containing the version and changes.

Get changes with all parameters
Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!GetChanges
  dataModel: Person
  keys: 
  - WWurg6ysTsozoMei/SurOw
  - awfbjYrVQ+cdXblfQKV10A
  where: !And
  - !Equals
    firstName: Clark
  - !Exists lastName
  order: !Desc lastName
  toVersion: 2000
  filterSoftDeleted: false
  fromVersion: 1000
  maxVersions: 100
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val person1Key // Containing the key of person 1 to change
val person2Key // Containing the key of person 2 to change

val getRequest = Person.run {
    getChanges(
        person1Key,
        person2Key,
        select = graph {
            listOf(
                firstName,
                lastName
            )
        },
        where = And(
            Equals(ref { firstName } with "Clark"),
            Exists(ref { lastName })
        ),
        order = ref { lastName }.ascending(),
        toVersion = 2000L,
        filterSoftDeleted = false,    
        fromVersion = 1000L,
        maxVersions = 100
    )
}
```

Scan changes with all parameters
Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!ScanChanges
  dataModel: Logs
  startKey: Zk6m4QpZQegUg5s13JVYlQ
  where: !GreaterThanEquals
    severity: ERROR
  order: !Desc timeStamp
  filterSoftDeleted: false
  limit: 50
  fromVersion: 1000
  toVersion: 2000
  maxVersions: 100
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val timedKey // Key which start at certain time

val scanRequest = Logs.scanChanges(
    startKey = timedKey,
    select = graph {
        listOf(
            timeStamp,
            severity,
            message
        )
    },
    where = GreaterThanEquals(
        Logs { severity::ref } with Severity.ERROR
    ),
    order = ref { timeStamp }.descending(),
    filterSoftDeleted = false,    
    limit = 50,
    fromVersion = 1000L,
    toVersion = 2000L,
    maxVersions = 100
)
```

Commit message:

Add checks to scan changes for mutability on where filters and orders so user never receives unpredictable results

core/documentation/query.md, after:

# Query Data

You can perform a selection of query actions on a store of data objects. This store can be local or the 
query action can be serialized and send to a store on another server to be performed there.

## Basic Query Actions

Maryk provides some basic query actions which are basically based on the CRUD model: you can add, change, get,
scan or delete objects. 

The Get and Scan request types are available in 3 flavors:
- `GetRequest`/`ScanRequest` - Returns `Values` to represent the object as it is on requested time.
- `GetUpdatesRequest`/`ScanUpdatesRequest` - Returns `Updates` like `Addition`/`Change`/`Removal` to show
 the changing of data and its view defined by filters and limit/offset over time. Is possible to use in `executeFlow`
 to get live updates as new data is processed.
- `GetChangesRequest`/`ScanChangesRequest` - Returns any data as versioned changes as it is stored in the datastore 
 ordered per data object.

### Add

With [`AddRequest`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/requests/AddRequest.kt) objects can be 
added to a store. When applied it will deliver an [`AddResponse`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/responses/AddResponse.kt)
with a status on each object to add.

Example:

Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!Add
  to: Person
  objects:
  - firstName: Jurriaan
    lastName: Mous
  - firstName: John
    lastName: Smith
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val addRequest = Person.add(
    Person(
        firstName = "Jurriaan",
        lastName = "Mous"
    ),
    Person(
        firstName = "John",
        lastName = "Smith"
    )    
)
```

### Change

With [`ChangeRequest`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/requests/ChangeRequest.kt) objects can be 
changed in a store. When applied it will deliver an [`ChangeResponse`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/responses/ChangeResponse.kt)
with a status on each change.

Refer to [property operations](properties/operations.md) to see how to apply
changes to properties.

Example:
Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!Change
  to: SimpleMarykObject
  objects:
  - key: MYc6LBYcT38nWxoE1ahNxA
    changes:
      !Check
        firstName: Jane
      !Change
        lastName: Doe
  - key: lneV6ioyQL0vnbkLqwVw+A
    changes:
      !Change
        lastName: Smith
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val person1Key // Containing the key of person 1 to change
val person2Key // Containing the key of person 2 to change

val changeRequest = Person.change(
    person1Key.change(
        Check(Person { firstName::ref } with "Jane"),
        Change(Person { lastName::ref } with "Doe")
    ),
    person2Key.change(
        Change(Person { lastName::ref } with "Smith")
    )
)
```

Simplify references with Kotlin `run{}`:
```kotlin
val person1Key // Containing the key of person 1 to change
val person2Key // Containing the key of person 2 to change

val changeRequest = Person.run {
  change(
      person1Key.change(
          Check(ref { firstName } with "Jane"),
          Change(ref { lastName } with "Doe")
      ),
      person2Key.change(
          Change(ref { lastName } with "Smith")
      )
  )
}
```

### Delete
With [`DeleteRequest`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/requests/DeleteRequest.kt)
objects can be deleted inside a store. The objects can be deleted by passing 
a list of object [`keys`](key.md). Objects can either be hard or soft deleted.
With a hard delete the data is certainly gone, and with soft delete (Default) it is
still in the store but not viewable unless specifically requested.
When applied it will deliver an [`DeleteResponse`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/responses/DeleteResponse.kt)
with a status on each delete.

Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!Delete
  from: Person
  keys: 
  - WWurg6ysTsozoMei/SurOw
  - awfbjYrVQ+cdXblfQKV10A
  hardDelete: true
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val person1Key // Containing the key of person 1 to change
val person2Key // Containing the key of person 2 to change

val changeRequest = Person.delete(
    person1Key,
    person2Key,
    hardDelete = true
)
```

### Get 
With [`GetRequest`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/requests/GetRequest.kt)
multiple specific objects can be queried by their [key](key.md). 
To select a subset of values in the query use `select`.
It is possible to filter the results with [filters](filters.md), order the results or to include
soft deleted results by passing `filterSoftDeleted=false`. 

It is also possible to view the objects at a certain version with `toVersion`
if the store supports viewing past versions.

When applied it will deliver an [`ValuesResponse`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/responses/ValuesResponse.kt)
with a list with [`ValuesWithMetaData`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/ValuesWithMetaData.kt)
containing the `key`, `object`, `firstVersion`, `lastVersion` and `isDeleted`.

Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!Get
  from: Person
  keys: 
  - WWurg6ysTsozoMei/SurOw
  - awfbjYrVQ+cdXblfQKV10A
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val person1Key // Containing the key of person 1 to change
val person2Key // Containing the key of person 2 to change

val getRequest = Person.get(
    person1Key,
    person2Key
)
```

With all parameters
Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!Get
  from: Person
  keys: 
  - WWurg6ysTsozoMei/SurOw
  - awfbjYrVQ+cdXblfQKV10A
  select:
  - firstName
  - lastName
  where: !And
  - !Equals
    firstName: Clark
  - !Exists lastName
  order: !Desc lastName
  toVersion: 2
  filterSoftDeleted: false
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val person1Key // Containing the key of person 1 to change
val person2Key // Containing the key of person 2 to change

val getRequest = Person.run{
  get(
      person1Key,
      person2Key,
      where = And(
          Equals(ref { firstName } with "Clark"),
          Exists(ref { lastName })
      ),
      order = ref { lastName }.ascending(),
      toVersion = 2L,
      filterSoftDeleted = false    
  )
}
```

### Scan
With [`ScanRequest`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/requests/ScanRequest.kt)
multiple objects can be queried by passing a startKey to scan from and filters on key parts to end it.
To select a subset of values in the query use `select`
It is possible to filter the results with [filters](filters.md), order or limit the results (default= 100).
It is also possible to include soft deleted results by passing `filterSoftDeleted=false`.

It is also possible to view the objects at a certain version with `toVersion`
if the store supports viewing past versions.

When applied it will deliver an [`ValuesResponse`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/responses/ValuesResponse.kt)
with a list with [`ValuesWithMetaData`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/ValuesWithMetaData.kt)
containing the `key`, `object`, `firstVersion`, `lastVersion` and `isDeleted`.

Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!Scan
  from: Logs
  startKey: Zk6m4QpZQegUg5s13JVYlQ
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val timedKey // Key which start at certain time

val scanRequest = Logs.scan(
    startKey = timedKey
)
```

With all parameters
Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!Scan
  from: Logs
  startKey: Zk6m4QpZQegUg5s13JVYlQ
  select:
    - timeStamp
    - severity
    - message
  where: !GreaterThanEquals
    severity: ERROR
  order: !Desc timeStamp
  filterSoftDeleted: false
  limit: 50
  toVersion: 2
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val timedKey // Key which start at certain time

val scanRequest = Logs.run {
    scan(
        startKey = timedKey,
        where = GreaterThanEquals(
            ref { severity } with Severity.ERROR
        ),
        order = ref { timeStamp }.descending(),
        filterSoftDeleted = false,
        limit = 50,
        toVersion = 2L
    )
}
```

### Scan/Get Updates
You can request updates on Objects ordered by version with 
[`GetUpdatesRequest`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/requests/GetUpdatesRequest.kt).
or [`ScanUpdatesRequest`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/requests/ScanUpdatesRequest.kt).
`maxVersions` (default=1) can be used to control how many versions are returned
at maximum. To return more than 1 version the DataStore needs to have `keepAllVersions` set to `true`.

When applied it will deliver an [`UpdatesResponse`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/responses/UpdatesResponse.kt)
with a list with [`IsUpdatesResponse`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/responses/updates/IsUpdateResponse.kt)
which are either `AdditionUpdate`, `ChangeUpdate`, `RemovalUpdate` and always starts with `OrderedKeysUpdate` with the initial
ordering of keys.

This request type can also be used inside `executeFlow` to listen to updates as they happen in the data store.

Optionally it is possible to pass an `orderedKeys` parameter to a `ScanUpdatesRequest`. It will then pass any changes to 
that list as well. This way you are certain you receive hard deleted values, or added values which had their values changed, 
so they are within range of the passed order/limit.

Get changes with all parameters
Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!GetUpdates
  dataModel: Person
  keys: 
  - WWurg6ysTsozoMei/SurOw
  - awfbjYrVQ+cdXblfQKV10A
  where: !And
  - !Equals
    firstName: Clark
  - !Exists lastName
  order: !Desc lastName
  toVersion: 2000
  filterSoftDeleted: false
  fromVersion: 1000
  maxVersions: 100
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val person1Key // Containing the key of person 1 to change
val person2Key // Containing the key of person 2 to change

val getRequest = Person.run {
    getUpdates(
        person1Key,
        person2Key,
        select = graph {
            listOf(
                firstName,
                lastName
            )
        },
        where = And(
            Equals(ref { firstName } with "Clark"),
            Exists(ref { lastName })
        ),
        order = ref { lastName }.ascending(),
        toVersion = 2000L,
        filterSoftDeleted = false,    
        fromVersion = 1000L,
        maxVersions = 100
    )
}
```

Scan updates with all parameters
Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!ScanChanges
  dataModel: Logs
  startKey: Zk6m4QpZQegUg5s13JVYlQ
  where: !GreaterThanEquals
    severity: ERROR
  order: !Desc timeStamp
  filterSoftDeleted: false
  limit: 50
  fromVersion: 1000
  toVersion: 2000
  maxVersions: 100
  orderedKeys:
  - WWurg6ysTsozoMei/SurOw
  - awfbjYrVQ+cdXblfQKV10A
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val timedKey // Key which start at certain time

val scanRequest = Logs.scanUpdates(
    startKey = timedKey,
    select = graph {
        listOf(
            timeStamp,
            severity,
            message
        )
    },
    where = GreaterThanEquals(
        Logs { severity::ref } with Severity.ERROR
    ),
    order = ref { timeStamp }.descending(),
    filterSoftDeleted = false,    
    limit = 50,
    fromVersion = 1000L,
    toVersion = 2000L,
    maxVersions = 100,
    orderedKeys = listOf(log1Key, log2Key, log3Key)
)
```

### Scan/Get Changes
You can request all the changes on Objects ordered by version with 
[`GetChangesRequest`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/requests/GetChangesRequest.kt).
or [`ScanChangesRequest`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/requests/ScanChangesRequest.kt).
`maxVersions` (default=1) can be used to control how many versions are returned
at maximum. To return more than 1 version the DataStore needs to have `keepAllVersions` set to `true`.

When applied it will deliver an [`ChangesResponse`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/responses/ChangesResponse.kt)
with a list with [`DataObjectVersionedChange`](../src/commonMain/kotlin/maryk/core/query/changes/DataObjectVersionedChange.kt)
containing the `key` and `changes` with a list of objects containing the version and changes.

NOTE: This type cannot have a filter or order on mutable properties since then the changes could lead to unreliable results.
For example if a value is modified it could lead to a different position in the ordering or can lead to a where filter to
filter the result away. Use Get/Scan Updates to see changes in these cases. 

Get changes with all parameters
Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!GetChanges
  dataModel: Person
  keys: 
  - WWurg6ysTsozoMei/SurOw
  - awfbjYrVQ+cdXblfQKV10A
  where: !And
  - !Equals
    firstName: Clark
  - !Exists lastName
  order: !Desc lastName
  toVersion: 2000
  filterSoftDeleted: false
  fromVersion: 1000
  maxVersions: 100
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val person1Key // Containing the key of person 1 to change
val person2Key // Containing the key of person 2 to change

val getRequest = Person.run {
    getChanges(
        person1Key,
        person2Key,
        select = graph {
            listOf(
                firstName,
                lastName
            )
        },
        where = And(
            Equals(ref { firstName } with "Clark"),
            Exists(ref { lastName })
        ),
        order = ref { lastName }.ascending(),
        toVersion = 2000L,
        filterSoftDeleted = false,    
        fromVersion = 1000L,
        maxVersions = 100
    )
}
```

Scan changes with all parameters
Maryk YAML:
```yaml
!ScanChanges
  dataModel: Logs
  startKey: Zk6m4QpZQegUg5s13JVYlQ
  where: !GreaterThanEquals
    severity: ERROR
  order: !Desc timeStamp
  filterSoftDeleted: false
  limit: 50
  fromVersion: 1000
  toVersion: 2000
  maxVersions: 100
```
Kotlin:
```kotlin
val timedKey // Key which start at certain time

val scanRequest = Logs.scanChanges(
    startKey = timedKey,
    select = graph {
        listOf(
            timeStamp,
            severity,
            message
        )
    },
    where = GreaterThanEquals(
        Logs { severity::ref } with Severity.ERROR
    ),
    order = ref { timeStamp }.descending(),
    filterSoftDeleted = false,    
    limit = 50,
    fromVersion = 1000L,
    toVersion = 2000L,
    maxVersions = 100
)
```
